## How will you use the Twitter API or Twitter data?  
SAI-Lab lnc.will use the Twitter API for AI-related educational activites.  
It is mainly used in our lectures.  
We use data from Twitter to perform machine learning and natural language processing to analyze trends in Tweets.  
The lecture is Yukinaga Azuma.  
## Are you planning to analyze Twitter data?  
Collects tweet data and uses recursive neural networks and other tools to analyze what words users say next.  
This allows the system to automatically generate sentences.  
## Will your app use Tweet,Retweet,like,follow,or Direct Message functionality?  
Post the text generated by the recursive neural network to the timeline.  
This allows us to see how well the AI can generate appropriate sentences for Twitter.    
## Do you plan to display Tweets or aggregate data about Twitter content outside of Twitter?  
We will show students the tweets Iget in the lecture.  
We will work together to see what the data for training looks like.  
##  The core use case, intent, or business purpose for your use of the Twitter APIs.  
I’m learning Machine Learning, Deep Learning, text-mining, and natural language processing with Python. So, I want to practice these skills by analyzing tweets. To be specific, I want to analyze tweets about regional trends. The purpose of my service is that I plan to look for products, sweets, and local delicacies that are selling well in each region. For example, how long has my favorite ramen been popular, and is it still popular? And I would like to quantitatively evaluate those evaluations with emotional analysis. I think it would be interesting if I could use regression analysis to predict which products are likely to sell next, based on the past trends.  
## If you intend to analyze Tweets, Twitter users, or their content, please share details about the analyses you plan to conduct, and the methods or techniques.  
if I use ramen as an example. first, I'm going to use hashtags to gather information. Second,  I will plan to manage the collected data with AWS. Thirdly, I'm thinking of extracting words from tweets. Fourthly. I'm going to do sentiment analysis on the data obtained. Finally, I will compare and discuss the products that have been popular in the past and those that have been popular recently. I will also predict which products are likely to become popular in the future and I will buy those products myself.  
##  If your use involves Tweeting, Retweeting, or liking content, share how you will interact with Twitter users or their content.  
I'm planning to analyze the data retrieved by the API and tweet about what I find interesting. I would also like to create a bot that tweets regularly in a different way. Specifically, BERT will automatically create and tweet reviews about the latest popular convenience store sweets. I hope this will make you more interested in machine learning and natural language processing. Of course, I will take the utmost care not to bother others.
I will not automate likes.  
I will not automate retweets.  
I will not automate following and unfollowing.  
I will not automate adding to lists or collections.  
